# 01-My-Blog

Health is a constant study in today's society.  Health has become a highly debated and discussed topic because of an increase in human obesity.  What people eat, what exercises are the best, and what is the latest dieting techniques are several of the constant ways people try to stay "healthy."  What does healthy mean?  Based on the Oxford dictionary healthy is defined as a body with none diseased cells, of healthy size, and fit.  In order to stay healthy the number one focus is what humans consume.  One of the leading controversies today within the food industry are the addatives in the food.  For example, hormones in meats has been a widely debated topic for years.  However, despite the arguments of artifical hormones added to meats in order to increase growth have been greatly exaggerated.  Based on the standards of the FDA, Food and Drug Administration, no artificial hormones are added to meats that are harmful for human consumption.  The only hormones added are the natural hormones that already exist witin the animals that assist in growth progress (FDA, 2017).  The amount of hormones used to increase the growth of the animals should not cause concern for the consumer.  The amount of hormones that the animals intake are regulated at a rate that is barely above what the animals already naturally produce.  Some of those hormones include estrodial, progesterone, and testosterone (FDA, 2017).  Hormones are added only to increase the meat/weight gain of the animals.  Same as humans, when we take in more calories, certain medicines, and proteins we are alterating our body's weight.  The same happens with animals.  When the animals are given more to eat the food is then processed within its body into meat which later is consumed by humans.  That is the only purpose  of feeding more to the animals: to increase the meat which feeds more people.  Feeding more to the animals is not to increase obesity or unhealthy foods for people to eat.  Throughout my following posts I will discuss different food addatives that are healthy and not healthy for humans to eat. 


# Sources

https://www.fda.gov/animalveterinary/safetyhealth/productsafetyinformation/ucm055436.htm

https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/healthy
